Put your head like this, with
the weight on your forehead.
Make sure your feet are properly
balanced, then up you go.
THE BEST WAY TO WALK
Kids! What are you doing?
Can't you see it's raining?
SUMMER 1960
- "Henri, is that you?"
- "Yes, Princess.
"I came in through the garden."
"You risked your life
to be here.
- "Henri, you're crazy!"
- "Crazy about you, Princess!"
WELCOME TO SUMMER CAMP
- Line up!
- We won!
Quenty! Monestier!
Didier, from
"Crazy about you, Princess."
"Keep quiet, you fool.
My father despises you."
In our group
There is no deadwood
There are dunces
But they're all good...
Hurry up.
Put down your shield.
In our group
There is no deadwood
We have dunces
But they're all good...
Shut up! Wipe your feet!
Dacosta, your feet! Shit!
What is this racket?
What the hell are you doing?
- Have you noticed it's raining?
- Don't catch a cold, OK?
They can make as much noise as
they want outside, but not here.
That's not funny!
Why aren't you in bed?
Sleep on your right side.
- Don't pretend!
- Aren't you ashamed to cry?
What are you doing? Go to bed.
Now get some sleep. OK?
Why are you still up? Go to bed!
Hurry!
Thierry...
OK, lights off. Stop reading.
- Good night!
- Good night, Philippe!
- Hi.
- Evenin'.
- Poker?
- No, I'll watch the movie.
On TV? It's great!
I've seen it six times.
- Up to no good, are we?
- What's that?
This, my dear son,
is a suggestion box.
You'll find out more tomorrow.
It needs to be repainted.
- For the "Farewell Feast"?
- Exactly.
The kids'll like that.
- G'night.
- Good night, Mr. Director.
- Will you watch it too?
- No, it's the original version.
I hate subtitles!
Stop!
I had humiliating dreams
while I slept.
Shut up, Deloux!
- If we're disturbing you...
- Let us know.
- Simmer down.
- The movie's too confusing.
- You don't have a degree.
- He's an illiterate!
Shut up!
We're trying to watch a movie!
Deloux's riled up!
I mean, really!
You can't handle the truth.
I was too considerate,
which is why people
unwittingly become cruel.
I understand.
- Bastards!
- Are you happy now?
Watch your goddamn movie!
We'll be quiet.
- Come on, Philippe.
- No, it's OK. I'm tired.
We were just having fun.
Won't you stay
and catch the ending?
- Deloux! Shut up!
- G'night, guys.
Read this, please.
I'm a doctor, not a philologist.
- Sure he's OK?
- What do you think?
I'm not a pervert
But I'm well aware...
That blonde-haired women
Have black hair down there.
- Stop fooling around. Two pair.
- Not enough. Full house!
Let's use his flashlight.
No way!
Don't waste my batteries!
Philippe?
- What?
- Lend us some candles?
- Wait.
- I'm coming in.
Wait!
What?
You use candles in your plays.
We'd like to keep playing poker.
He's back!
- Some candles!
- Candles drive me bonkers.
Some guys do nasty
things with candles.
- You, maybe?
- Jerk!
You're like Deloux.
You like sordid stories.
- Yeah, right.
- I know.
Bigmouths are always
innocent, right?
- That guy's such a jerk!
- What are you doing?
- He's having sweet dreams.
- Are we playing or what?
I had a full house. Your turn.
A ghost!
I can't sleep
because of the storm.
Are you ready to deal? Go ahead.
It works better
with electricity.
- Oh, yeah.
- He's still sleeping!
- You're welcome to play.
- Thanks, I'll go back to bed.
Another intellectual!
- Marc?
- Yes?
Don't you have something
to tell me?
Who, me? Like what?
Philippe, come take a look.
- Hello, Mr. Lambert.
- Hello, Philippe.
- Hi, Dad.
- Hi, Philippe.
I'll give you back
the candles later.
- Looks great, no?
- It's not bad.
Spruce it up with some paint.
It'll hide all the fingerprints.
Stay hidden back here.
You come out when the princess
and Henri hold hands.
Make sure the spotlights
are pointed at the king.
OK, Jean-Paul,
"Keep quiet, you fool."
"Keep quiet, you fool.
"My father despises you.
His soldiers are after you."
"My sweet Princess,
your hand upon my heart..."
"Confound it!
"What do I see? My daughter
with that scoundrel!"
It keeps coming off!
No, this is very serious.
Your daughter loves the son
of your worst enemy.
You two, be serious.
They're truly in love.
Yeah, very funny. Hold his hand.
Jean-Paul,
you're the young girl.
You're shaking before
your lover. Go on...
"My sweet Princess,
your hand upon my heart..."
"Confound it! What do I see..."
Wait.
We hate fairies
We say it loud and clear
They don't like it
We don't want 'em here
The best way to walk
Is still our way
Left foot, right foot
Today and every day...
That's enough! Damn!
If you're not interested,
let me know, I don't care...
We can do something else.
SUGGESTION BOX
Dear campers, dear counselors,
today I wish to talk to you
about our "Farewell Feast."
I'm sure you've all noticed...
How shall I call it...?
This box. It's like a mailbox.
- Did you notice it?
- Yes!
Silence!
We wrote on it "suggestion box."
Why is that?
Each of you
has the right and duty
to jot down on a piece of paper
his own suggestions...
...so that this year's
Farewell Feast
will be an exceptional success!
Write down as many suggestions
as you like
and drop them into the slot
intended for that purpose.
Let me finish, please.
A few days before the feast,
we'll open the suggestion box.
Every suggestion will be read
by the counselors and myself.
The camper who makes
the best suggestion
will be named "Honor Camper."
That's a great idea.
The introspective Deloux loves
the sound of his master's voice.
Bootlicker!
- It's an educational exercise.
- I can picture the smut!
Let's go!
Behave!
What's so funny?
What is it? What's wrong?
- Tell me what's wrong.
- It's Frédéric.
- What'd he do?
- He won't talk to me.
Is that why you're crying?
Stop talking to him too.
- To punish him.
- Make him talk to me.
- Yes?
- It's Marc. Can we come in?
Of course. Come in.
We're returning these.
Thanks.
- I'll put 'em... here.
- Wherever you like.
- Your fiancée?
- We're not engaged.
Your girlfriend?
She's cute.
- What's her name?
- Chantal.
It bothers him
to talk about her.
- Not at all.
- Yes!
It's obvious it bothers you.
She has a sensual mouth!
You're always reading books.
Books...
...are for jerkoffs, my friend!
Let's split.
I think people who are
always busy reading...
Some lesson!
- Right on my Merleau-Ponty!
- What? What'd you say, Deloux?
Léni! Sing us some blues!
- Who is it?
- Philippe.
Come in.
- I'm always ready.
- Were you sleeping?
Yes.
- OK, I'll be off.
- No way!
You're here, so sit down.
What is it?
Sit down!
I wanted to talk to you about
something I find disquieting.
"Disquieting"?
Look...
I know it's late.
It sounds stupid...
It's kind of difficult
to explain.
But I think...
...the groups shouldn't
be kept apart.
Well said.
- Making fun?
- Not at all.
I mean...
Each counselor has
his group of boys...
...but the groups
never really mingle.
And...
- That's keeping you up?
- Yes.
Shouldn't your group and mine
play the same games?
Why are the groups separate?
It'd be better
if we had one big group.
Our groups should do
the same activities.
I'm here for the money, I'm not
into educational activities.
- Really?
- Yes.
Can I have one?
In any case, no...
It's too late.
The teams are already set.
I'm sorry to have
to tell you, but...
You try to teach them through
song, dance, theater...
You can do whatever you like.
It bores the hell out of me.
I'm sure my kids would
feel the same way.
Did you talk to Deloux?
He'd love that, no?
- So long.
- Wait! Don't take it bad.
- You're too touchy.
- No, it doesn't matter.
I told you to wait.
Is that it?
Yes.
Our groups should play together?
We can try. Give me a hand.
- How?
- Let me finish...
If you help me, I'll make
sure my kids play sports.
I've been shirking my duties.
In a way, I'm guilty.
What? I didn't understand.
Being the camp director's son...
Don't be silly. Of course not.
I don't know why, but...
Things aren't going well for me.
You create your own problems.
Your books don't help.
I don't understand.
Don't the others have problems?
Why are you telling me all this?
It's only natural.
I'm confiding in you because...
- Everyone admires you.
- Yeah, right!
I'm a bigmouth,
so people listen.
Here, have a drink.
So?
Actually...
I'd like you...
I want us to be friends.
"Friends"?
We are, aren't we?
It's tough to say, huh?
But...
What do you mean
by "being friends"?
What does it mean?
What I just told you.
Make the kids play together.
Exchange views.
I see...
Shit!
I... I'm sorry.
- Small favors too.
- What?
Favors we can do for each other.
Or for me.
Sure. That goes without saying.
- Does saying it help?
- Yes.
- You agree, then?
But...
What exactly do you mean?
You want me to do you a favor?
It doesn't matter.
I don't know yet.
Maybe at some point.
After all, we're friends now.
It's good to know
we can count on someone.
Out!
Let me see.
We treated you right away.
Tell your parents that.
Don't overdo it.
Your group doesn't measure up.
- What's with the smirk?
- Today we'll do some drama.
"Today we'll do some drama."
The battle scene.
I want Marc's group up here.
Manu, fetch the swords.
Are you listening?
Stay behind the old king.
You two, come here.
Read your lines, turn to
the marshal and say them.
- "Just spare my daughter."
- Good.
And then you charge.
You know what you have to do.
OK, let's rehearse.
Remember, this is theater.
It's just for fun.
It doesn't count for marks.
OK, ready? Lights!
Go ahead, Didier.
"My lord, this is our fate.
"I shall be brave
until the very end."
"You have sullied my honor.
Give me back Isabelle."
"Soldiers,
we must save our kingdom."
"Just spare my daughter."
- Enjoying it, huh?
- This was your idea.
Are you nuts?
Someone lent it to me.
- You like naked women?
- Yeah, they're fun to look at.
Don't you dare look
at stuff like this!
Confiscated.
What's that racket?
It's time to nap.
Sleep on your right side.
You're out of shape.
Was the play a trick?
You did that on purpose?
I don't understand.
What'd I do on purpose?
Why would I have done that?
You seem to enjoy
pissing me off.
Why?
- Why?
- You think I don't notice?
You're trying mighty hard
to piss me off.
You're out to get me.
You think I don't know?
Because you saw me
the other night?
Because you saw me in my room?
- So you figure...
- I don't care about that.
- It's none of my business.
- Then why do you pick on me?
You said I could do you a favor.
What is it you want?
Our friendship
is all ballsed up.
Stop with the double entendres.
In my room at night,
I do the same thing as you.
The same thing as you, buddy.
And if it isn't the same thing,
it makes no difference.
- I don't have special problems.
- I'm not so sure.
Wait! Maybe you hide
yours better.
I can also walk into your
room without warning.
- What'll I see?
- Yes, what?
- I'll find something.
- What?
Your dark secrets.
Stuff that makes you hard.
As my dear grandmother
used to say,
"You're off your onion."
You're off your onion, buddy.
It means you're screwed up,
that you're nuts.
But you came to me.
Funny, isn't it?
"I want us to be friends."
You need me on your side.
Are you worried I'll tell?
You wouldn't.
Pathetic.
You're a jerkoff.
You're shitting in your pants.
I couldn't care less
about a guy like you,
Mr. Camp Director's son.
I couldn't care less.
"My love,
"You absolutely have
to find a way
"to come here on Sundays.
"I absolutely need to..."
- Need something?
- No.
I thought maybe you did.
Come in.
181 START an 898 (CHF -.50/SMS)
Want some?
- Laughing at me?
- No!
Gérard told us a good one.
It's kinda gross.
Tell it to Philippe.
You'll love it.
- No, not twice in a row.
- Gérard! Say it again.
- OK, I will.
- Maybe he's heard it.
There's this guy...
He's married.
One night,
after 10 years of marriage,
after he slips into bed
with his wife,
he tells her
to lie on her tummy.
Suddenly, he buggers her!
Wait...
His wife's surprised.
She's not used to that.
But she lets him. She's nice.
The husband comes and falls
asleep without saying a word.
The next day,
he doesn't speak to his wife.
That night, same thing.
She rolls over, he buggers her.
The husband comes and falls
asleep without saying a word.
This goes on
for weeks and months,
even a whole year.
Every night, he'd bugger his
wife without talking to her.
His wife, after putting up
with a year of silence...
She can't stand it anymore.
She's upset.
She demands an explanation.
She says, "Listen, Alphonse...
"Take me as you want.
"But I am your wife.
"Talk to me.
Tell me what's going on."
He tells her,
"I don't talk to perverts."
Can you lend me your songbook?
What? I asked you a question.
You could at least answer me.
Sorry, I don't talk to perverts.
Jerks.
- Here comes the halberdier.
- I've had enough!
- It's cold!
- Stop!
It's very cold.
Don't pretend, you bastard.
Answer me!
You keep complaining,
but at least you have hot water
in your room.
What do you want?
- What?
- What favors?
I don't know.
Not yet, anyway.
What could I possibly ask you?
Are you otherwise happy?
What?
Despite what you may think,
I haven't told anyone.
I'm nice.
I'm sure you did.
Think whatever you like.
Your fiancée's coming
tomorrow, right?
What's her name again?
Pretty Chantal.
I really like Chantal.
Say, she's...
She's something, huh?
Is she a good lay?
Does she give head?
No need to blush.
That's what guys and girls do.
Love, sex, hair.
Don't you know that?
I doubt you can hurt her.
I'll bet you've never done it.
Am I right?
She sure must miss it.
Maybe she's getting some.
Other guys must be humping her.
She's only human.
If a guy had told me
what I just told you,
I'd have ripped his face off.
You didn't even react.
How pitiful!
I've had my fill of talking.
Get lost!
You haven't changed much
in a month.
- Meaning?
- Still talkative.
I really enjoyed your letter.
It's a good thing I wrote first.
You don't reveal too much.
Girls aren't supposed to write first.
Your letters used to be flowery.
But not this time.
"You absolutely have to come."
Actually,
I like the "absolutely."
The haircut was a good idea.
It really suits you.
Say... I rented a room
for this afternoon.
What for?
Are you nuts?
You're really out of it.
Forget it.
We can't spend
the afternoon indoors.
- We're expecting showers.
- Introduce me to your friends.
No.
- I want to see your dad.
- What about me?
Please!
- You know Sophie...
- Yes.
Believe it or not, she went
camping with Jean-Claude.
- Did you know?
- She does whatever she likes.
Check, please.
No. I'm afraid.
IT DOESN'T MATTER
I LOVE YOU
You'll miss it.
You know...
I heard that it isn't always
easy the first time, so...
You think so?
Don't worry. See you next week.
I found the whole
series in his room.
Bravo, Deloux. Nice going!
Come see me in my office,
young man.
Say, buddy...
The shame!
I'm not surprised.
He didn't pay his rent
or do his share.
Pass me the cheese.
This reminds me of a woman
I used to love.
- What do you think?
- That it isn't very funny.
Do you think it's sad?
No big deal.
These things happen.
Want my beans?
I can't finish 'em.
No, thanks.
I know you love
the food we serve here.
- No, thanks.
- Yes, thanks.
- I'm not hungry.
- Beans promote regularity.
"I absolutely have to talk
to you, you bastard."
- I received a strange message.
- If you're gonna make fun...
Tell me what it is you want.
I'm fed up, I'm through playing.
What's the "small favor"?
I can suck your cock,
if you like.
- I know nothing about that.
- Just leave me alone.
I don't need you.
I could kill myself.
But I'll say it was your fault.
- You've made my life hell.
- What are you saying?
What are you talking about?
Let's just say I forgot, OK?
I pissed you off a little.
Now it's over, OK?
It's all over.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
I know you're honest.
"The Sunday we spent together
wasn't very merry.
"But that doesn't matter.
I really want to see you again.
"I get the feeling something
is troubling you.
"I think I should visit
you more often.
"I can come back next Sunday.
"I hope I can make it
every Sunday.
"Don't torture yourself if we
still haven't you-know-what.
"Maybe we're a little young.
"It takes time for us
to get to know each other.
"But it's not that you
don't appeal to me.
"I love you very much.
I love your body.
"And I'm not at all afraid.
"But I'm also well aware
we both have certain needs.
"I know we can't help it.
"I hope you won't show
anyone this letter.
"I love you dearly. Chantal."
How are you?
He came to pick up his chick!
Coming.
- Hi.
- Marc, Chantal.
You're Chantal?
He's told me a lot about you.
- Were you planning to split?
- Not at all.
I'll see you this afternoon
at the pool for the tournament.
Looks like we have no choice.
I'm counting on you. 'Bye.
- You kept your sweatsuit on?
- I was working this morning.
I have to go back to change.
- I'll just be a minute.
- Chantal! Great to see you.
I'll be right back.
It doesn't always work.
It's nice of you to come
visit us on Sundays.
- Did Philippe abandon you?
- No, he's getting dressed.
- Is Philippe your fiancé?
- No.
- So he's your boyfriend?
- I guess so.
- That's funny.
- Why?
I'm amazed, that's all.
Let me tell you...
A guy with a pin in his eye
isn't concerned about the
future of the British navy.
Know what I mean?
Why don't you eat with us?
Just this once.
Don't you like us?
I don't like the way
you order people around
and expect them to obey.
That was some blow! Philippe!
Your girlfriend won't
eat with us.
- We made reservations.
- You shouldn't exclude us.
- We'd rather not.
- What?
We'd rather not eat with you.
- What are you doing?
- Yeah, what?
I'm locked inside.
The doorknob is broken.
No!
- You have to jump!
- It's not too far down.
Come on!
No, don't do that. No, Philippe.
Philippe, get down now.
Be careful!
Wait. I'll tell you what to do.
See that iron thing on the
wall for the shutters?
See it? No, not the nail.
Farther away.
Don't touch it.
It's useless.
Your pocket!
Be careful!
You tore your pocket.
He tore his pocket.
- Did you get hurt?
- He'll never admit it.
Coming?
- You could be more considerate.
- Don't turn your nose up at us.
See you later at the pool!
Some sauce?
What's wrong?
You were talking at length
to Marc earlier.
What was so interesting?
I was telling handsome Marc
that although I'm young,
I used to be even younger.
Same with everyone around me.
I was wondering what that meant.
And that there was some
terrible meaning.
- Are you angry?
- No.
And don't worry, I hate
everything about that guy.
He's very conceited.
Do you want to go to the pool?
Not really. No more than you do.
Then let's not go.
Yes.
It doesn't matter.
See you later, Dad.
It turns out we have to go.
My father's giving a speech.
On your marks!
- What's wrong?
- I have a headache.
Silence!
Children,
I have an announcement
I'd rather not have to make.
Raoul Deloux
is leaving us.
Our comrade has committed
a serious professional offense.
In an establishment
such as ours,
that is unacceptable.
Let this serve as an example.
If I've taken measures
in the past,
you know full well that my main
concern is fairness and justice.
I am aware that in life,
we all have moments of weakness.
Raoul Deloux,
we bid you farewell.
See you soon.
We will keep a good memory
of you despite this.
Talk to them.
It'd be considerate,
classy and...
- Mr. Deloux will talk to you.
- Damn! You piss me off!
All of you piss me off!
- He's swallowing his tongue.
- I'll handle it.
Take him away!
- He's disgusting!
- Let go of me! My suitcase!
Do something!
In the pool!
- Stop!
- He's sick!
Everyone in the pool!
- What are you waiting for?
- Shut up! I'm going in.
- I have to puke.
- Not in front of everyone.
I'll take him to the bathroom.
- I'll come with you.
- I'd rather you didn't.
Wait for me here.
Go ahead.
I can't.
I never can.
Force yourself.
Think of shit, for example.
Stick two fingers
in your mouth, like this.
- That'll make you throw up.
- I don't want to.
I told you to puke!
There, doesn't that feel better?
Let go!
Why'd you throw me in the pool?
And why'd you lie to me?
- You're still out to get me.
- Is this 'cause of Chantal?
Shut the hell up!
- Just leave me alone, OK?
- This is the thanks I get...
I don't care. Get lost!
Show some respect, you bastard!
You're giving me orders?
When I see you, I feel like...
I really feel like kicking
your ass around.
I feel like making fun of you.
Pantywaist!
Look what you did.
Pretty gross.
Now eat your shit!
Eat it!
- What's going on?
- I was helping him to vomit.
- He's OK.
- He was screaming.
He's nuts. He claims I hurt him.
- Leave him alone.
- I did leave him alone!
But then he told me off!
A guy like that...
Why are you dating
a guy like that?
No, leave me alone.
Don't come in.
I was going to help you.
What the hell is this?
Nothing to boast about.
A slew of inanities,
stupidities and insults.
God help me if the parents
get wind of this...
Every nuance of baseness
is in here.
In fact, I sorted them out.
The banal:
"Screw the guy who reads this."
Please, there's a lot more.
A personal attack:
"Marcassin is an idiot."
A riddle:
"Summer camp stinks and
the director lays it on thick."
Whatever that means.
Now the insults:
"Philippe's boys are
a bunch of sissies."
Thank you on behalf of Philippe.
Pornography:
"Nurse, strip!"
I could find only
two suggestions,
and I wouldn't call them
brilliant, but here they are:
"I suggest we get sloshed."
Or this laconic suggestion:
"Cock contest."
I know.
Truly hilarious.
But I'm not laughing.
I await your suggestions.
- We could...
- Go on a trip?
No! Long bus rides...
Some kids'll throw up.
No, thanks.
We could organize a tournament.
- Soccer?
- No!
Something special. Not soccer.
- A picnic?
- Would they like that?
But it'd have to be different.
- Good food.
- Yeah... No!
We could organize...
You know...
- A fair, with stands.
- Good. With prizes to be won.
And the cost? It'd cost plenty.
The stands would have
to charge people...
The parents probably
won't like the idea.
They're already paying
for summer camp,
so would they want to shell out
even more money.
Let's go
with the lone suggestion.
The cock contest?
You jerk! No!
- A good meal.
- Too boring.
We'll make it more original.
Sunday for dinner,
three candies rather than two.
Hervé, we can do without your
asinine and insipid comments.
- Why not a bike rally?
- Listen to what I have to say.
I'm surprised no one's
thought of this...
We'll throw a costume party.
We'll invite the whole village.
The parents are welcome
to attend.
It'll be fun to dress up.
We could hold it
at the playground.
"Would you believe that
I am now quite calm?
"I hadn't been feeling
myself lately.
"We're organizing a ball
for the Farewell Feast.
"Don't come.
"I'm worried you've had enough
of me and my mood swings.
"I'll see you in Paris in a few
days, and I'll explain then.
"I'm sorry if I'm not a simple
guy who's easy to understand.
"I'd like to be.
I kiss you tenderly."
"I'm sorry, but I'll be there.
"You'll see that I'm right.
"I want to know what you want.
"I want to learn
all your secrets.
"I want to understand.
I want to teach you mine.
"If we could sleep together
a whole night, like children,
"everything would work out.
"That's why I'm coming.
"And that's why I love you."
Chantal!
I'll bet you've never
drunk whisky, right?
Come!
- Where's Phil?
- He's coming.
- Dressed as what?
- You'll see.
Ask me to dance.
- Is he talking to me?
- Looks like it.
Please.
May I?
- What's the belle's name?
- La Upa.
OK, "La Upa."
Rumba!
- That's in poor taste.
- Was it ever good?
I'm in a strange frame of mind.
I like everything.
I love you even more than usual.
You look ravishing tonight.
He's so silly!
And tonight,
you're a real beauty.
In fact,
you're always beautiful.
Bitch.
- An orange drink?
- Yes, with arsenic.
- What?
- No, I'll drink it straight.
- Please, they're staring at us.
- They are? Let them, darling.
My big fool!
She's totally wacky tonight.
- Won't you offer me a drink?
- For you, anything!
Let us through!
She wants a drink.
Won't you dance with him now?
Not tonight.
Tonight is all about you.
Tonight, I only wish
to dance with Marc!
Marc! The toreador!
Get off my case, OK?
- Marc, this is our night.
- Yes...
Don't forget about her.
This is the last dance.
Knock it off.
Everyone's staring.
- That's enough. Stop!
- No.
Marc, don't abandon me.
Sir, ask her to stop.
I've had enough, I'm bored.
I'm gonna sock you!
Are you OK?
Marc? Marc!
Shit!
You're dancing with my lover.
- You're dancing with my lover!
- Get lost!
What?
My dear Marc...
Where are they?
Come, Marc. Now's the time.
What are you afraid of?
Where does it hurt?
I'm not scared of being hit.
Get that straight.
I'm ashamed, merely ashamed.
Where you're ashamed, where
you feel itchy, I feel itchy.
Me too!
Where you scratch, I scratch.
- You'll get hurt.
- Leave me alone!
Don't be afraid. Be yourself.
He knifed me.
He knifed me!
He's crazy.
I'm so sorry...
A few years later...
Come see.
Shall we take it?
- Not so fast. Here he comes.
- Do you like it?
It does have a certain appeal.
What's not to like?
Spacious, on Rue Mademoiselle...
- It's noisy, isn't it?
- A little, yes.
You're not easy clients.
This is the living room.
Quite spacious, as most are now.
It's the latest trend:
few rooms, but lots of room.
It's best not to buy
too much furniture.
Have you seen the closets?
A huge closet on the right.
One on the left.
It isn't exactly cheap.
You're wrong.
I'd take it myself if I could.
It's too steep.
The agency's fee... We can
work something out. I mean...
Don't worry.
It's really weird
seeing you again.
It's been ages. How many years?
He hasn't changed. He's still...
You've changed a little bit.
You're more... You're prettier.
- When are you getting married?
- "Married"?
Yes, of course...
I made that mistake, and now...
I'll drive you back to the
agency so we can sign the lease.
- After you.
- No, go ahead.
- Go first.
- Listen...
After you.
Translation: Alberto De Lisi
Épilogue